Hint:: causing or feeling uneasy embarrassment or inconvenience.
Hint:: a musical instrument with reed pipes that are sounded by the pressure of wind emitted from a bag squeezed by the player's arm.
Hint:: a stringed instrument of the guitar family, with a round open-backed soundbox of parchment stretched over a metal hoop.
Hint:: a person who habitually bungles things; an amateur.
Hint:: a game played on a lawn, in which wooden balls are driven through a series of square-topped hoops by means of mallets.
Hint:: an underground room or vault beneath a church, used as a chapel or burial place.
Hint:: a star of relatively small size and low luminosity, including the majority of main sequence stars.
Hint:: intensely enthusiastic or passionate, especially to an excessive degree.
Hint:: a bent piece of metal, often barbed and baited, which is used for catching fish.
Hint:: a long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, as in Norway, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley.
Hint:: a small building, especially one in the garden of a house, that gives a wide view of the surrounding area.
Hint:: a nomadic or free-spirited person.
Hint:: a Japanese poem of seventeen syllables, in three lines of five, seven, and five, traditionally evoking images of the natural world.
Hint:: lacking any obvious principle of organization.
Hint:: used to join words to indicate that they have a combined meaning or that they are linked in the grammar of a sentence.
Hint:: used to join words to indicate that they have a combined meaning or that they are linked in the grammar of a sentence. 
Hint:: of, resembling, or in the style of jazz.
Hint:: a very short time; a moment.
Hint:: a person or thing that brings bad luck. 
Hint:: a machine that automatically plays a selected musical recording when a coin is inserted.
Hint:: a canoe of a type used originally by the Inuit, made of a light frame with a watertight covering having a small opening in the top to sit in. 
Hint:: a small open-fronted hut or cubicle from which newspapers, refreshments, tickets, etc. are sold.
Hint:: a clumsy, awkward, or foolish person.
Hint:: an object kept as a reminder of a person or event.
Hint:: utterly bewilder or perplex (someone). 
Hint:: a stupid or foolish person.
Hint:: exclude from a society or group.
Hint:: a colourless, odourless reactive gas, the chemical element of atomic number 8 and the life-supporting component of the air.
Hint:: a loose-fitting jacket and trousers for sleeping in.
Hint:: the thick viscous substance secreted by the mucous membranes of the respiratory passages.
Hint:: a minute area of illumination on a display screen, one of many from which an image is composed.
Hint:: a lively dance of Bohemian origin in duple time.
Hint:: a quadrangle.
Hint:: a witty remark.
Hint:: having or relating to rhythm.
Hint:: a dishonest or unprincipled man.
Hint:: a winged monster having a woman's head and a lion's body.
Hint:: (of a bird) make a loud, harsh noise.
Hint:: a coupling between two parts enabling one to revolve without turning the other.
Hint:: a person who behaves obsequiously to someone important. 
Hint:: constituting number twelve in a sequence; 12th.
Hint:: unfasten the zip fastener of.
Hint:: resembling wax in consistency or appearance.
Hint:: early 19th century: from Afrikaans, literally ‘wild beast’.
Hint:: a medium-sized sailing boat equipped for cruising or racing.
Hint:: having or showing zeal.
Hint:: a line or course having abrupt alternate right and left turns.
Hint:: bright, fresh, or lively.
Hint:: corpse said to be revived by witchcraft, especially in certain African and Caribbean religions.
